hi I'm Steve Santa Gotti and welcome
back to bad press part of bad boys
finish first dot-com where you're always
going to get street smart relationship
advice that you can use in the real
world I got a recommendation from one of
my facebook fans Lisa and I'm going to
take her up on the offer I've done it
before in television shows as well where
we take questions from female audience
members or people text in or email
questions and I think it's a really
really good idea so you can again send
your email your questions to me at ask
Steve Santa Gotti at gmail.com and maybe
I'll answer that right here on YouTube
today we're going to talk about
Christina and Susie christina is from
Illinois and she wants to know how can a
nice overly accommodating girl still
keep their character intact with bad
boys and not let them take advantage of
them she doesn't want to have to play
games all the time she says and she
wants a boy to love her for who she is
yet at the same time this girl is very
accommodating does whatever this guy
wants allows texting in booty calls etc
alright so I'm gonna answer these
questions in two ways the first way what
is this guy thinking with an
accommodating girl what we think is
perfect we put her in rotation she's
always there for us it's no different
than having food in the refrigerator
that's what we're thinking if you're
willing to do it then why not so that's
what the guy is thinking it's it's easy
sex it's it's convenient and it's pretty
much a predictable okay so that's what
the guys thinking what Christina has to
realize is that men have an innate
desire to hunt which I've said a million
times that's nothing new and when you're
too accommodating not only do steal
curiosity from the relationship but you
also take away our desire to hunt you
down you have to have self-esteem you
have to be strong and you have to be a
bad girl who finishes first learn how to
manipulate guys Christina learn how to
use your sexuality as
tool as a weapon got it okay the next
question is from Suzy in Sydney
Australia and she wants to know why it's
so difficult to find a guy to fall in
love with well again
how men think is the most important
thing here men will often say I love you
and that just means they love you they
like you they care about you they
consider you special if they're being
genuine but let's say let's take you
know for example that they are being
genuine that they do care about you and
they love you they love you as a friend
they might be sexually attracted to you
but when a guy says he's in love with
you that's a very different thing that
means he's very committed he's
emotionally committed he's physically
monogamous with you that means he's in
love inside you if you will okay I use
that term if you will way too much all
right
now when I want to talk to you about
falling in love I want to say that
meeting someone and falling in love with
them is extremely rare and that's why it
feels so good once you find someone in
that rare situation that both of you
look at each other eye to eye and say
I'm in love with you without flinching
without faltering that's a very very
special moment a lot of the games and a
lot of the seduction and manipulation
will fall to us to the wayside you still
have to remain tain your autonomy and
you still have to be your own woman in
the relationship if you want it to last
because falling in love and that
honeymoon stage will not last forever
most people it's 3 6 8 months a year and
then the real relationship starts to
take form I will say this all your
groundwork everything of who you are and
what you stand for as both the man and
the woman is decided in the first year
it's where you set your boundaries so
that's why it's very important even if
you're in love Suzy to make sure that
you keep your head about you that
doesn't mean you can't
and be romantic and you know just let
yourself go a little bit you know and be
in la-la land if you will and enjoy that
infatuation but be smart make sure that
the relationship doesn't become all of
who you are and again Susie from Sydney
Australia falling in love is rare but no
relationship is a waste of time all
right
again email your questions to ask Steve
Santa Gotti at gmail and I'll try to get
them on here at YouTube and if you want
to find out more information you can
always go to bad boys finish first com